Docs 11393 support notification v41 duke (#1968)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/eol-warning.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> Standard Support for this version ended on November 2, 2020, and

Author: ```suggestion
Standard Support for Mule 4.1 ended on November 2, 2020, and
```

> Mule 4.1 will reach its

Author: ```suggestion
this version will reach its
```

> this version will reach its

Author: ```suggestion
this version of Mule will reach its
```

https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#mule-runtimes-end-of-life[End of Life]
on November 2, 2022, when Extended Support ends.

> Deployments to CloudHub that use this version of Mule are no longer allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
Deployment of new applications to CloudHub that use this version of Mule are no longer allowed. Only in-place updates to applications are permitted.
```
